SURMA: Hello, Superchargers.
That's you.
A few weeks ago,
Paul built a router,
and then enhanced it to
store each individual view
on the server side.
The advantage is that the
initial page is smaller,
making the app spin up faster.
The downside, however, is
that on slow connections,
each navigation can
be painfully slow.
Let's simulate a
slow network and make
every response take something
between one and two seconds.
The page loads, and when it's
done, the network is idle.
Once we click on a link,
we need to fetch the data
from the server, and we
have to show a spinner
because it is taking too long.
A solution for this
problem is resource hints.
Resource hints let
us take advantage
of the idle time on
the network to prepare
the data we need next by putting
link tags in our document's
hat.
These instruct the browser
what resources to fetch
when it has some time to spare.
In our case, we are going
to load the other views.
Now, the browser will
load these resources
when the network is idle,
and the user is busy
interacting with a page.
Even though we still have
a delay on the network,
the views load instantly.
You might be asking yourself
why I'm not using HTTP/2 push.
With push, you're forcing
the data onto the browser,
ignoring if we have
any bandwidth to spare
or if the resource is maybe
already in the browser's cache.
With resource hints, we
remove all that responsibility
to the browser, because it
knows best when it is idle
and has some more
time to do stuff.
I've updated the code in
the repository for you
to check out through
link in the description.
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]